[singing in Japanese]
[narrator] She grew
up not knowing where
or when she was born.
A girl without a past
who possessed
the stone of destiny,
then she met Jean and together
they have set off for adventure
around the world, until now,
for they have
arrived at her homeland,
and the secret of her birth
will soon be known.
[dramatic music playing]
[explosion]
[gasps]
[Jean] What an enormous lake.
[Ayerton] And yet no
one seems to live near it.
Nadia, is this it?
Huh? Nadia, what's wrong?
Hey!
Don't drive this
without permission!
Sorry, we have to follow her.
Nadia!
Where do
you think you're going, Nadia?
-Hey.
-Nadia, snap out of it, Nadia.
Nadia.
[water gushing]
[dramatic music playing]
You're going to
sail right into her, Jean!
I'm not gonna let Nadia
go in there by herself!
Grandis, get the balloon ready.
You got it.
Jean, we've already detached it!
[Sanson] Huh?
[all screaming]
[magical music playing]
Huh?
Can anyone tell me
what's happened to that girl?
Who can explain this?
It's very uncanny, isn't it?
Well, I thought she was strange
from the very beginning.
Once again,
I was right all along.
Ow!
Is she being drawn
by the powers of Atlantis?
I mean, she looks like
a puppet on a string out there.
I don't care.
-We have to believe her.
-Mm-hmm.
[explosion]
[Jean] Nadia, you have
to hang in there, Nadia.
[Marie] Nadia!
Jean, I must have been dreaming.
Dreaming?
So terrible.
The rain, the black rain
wouldn't stop coming down.
There was a flood.
My body felt like it was empty.
Water filled up
every empty place.
The rain kept falling,
everything was washed away.
Everybody drowned.
I kept crying and
hoping it would stop,
but my tears only caused
the flood to grow.
You, Grandis, Marie
and the others were all drowned.
And you became fish.
You flowed into my body
along with the water.
[moans]
I heard a bell.
Oh, my head hurts so much.
-Jean?
-[Jean] Yes.
Jean, I'm scared.
I'm too scared
to know everything.
I'm terrified
that it will all come true.
[Jean] Don't worry.
I promised you, didn't I?
I promised
that I would come here with you.
I will be right by your side.
We all will.
So you see.
There's nothing to be afraid of.
Whoa, it's hot.
Man, is it hot!
[crashing]
Oh, come on now, what's this?
An invisible wall?
[tires screeching]
What will we do?
[Ayerton] I think we should
head back.
Oh, really?
I guess you're
going to run away now.
[Ayerton] No, all I'm saying is
that we should find another way.
[Nadia] We'll go forward.
-Huh?
[magical music playing]
The barrier has been
removed now. Let's go.
Wow. Let me try that, please.
Please, please, Nadia,
let me try that, too, Nadia.
Stop it.
I'm sorry, Marie.
But the power of the Blue Water
is very dangerous.
Only those in the royal
bloodline
can handle
its abilities.
The what?
-Huh?
-Oh, my Lord.
I wouldn't believe this
-if I wasn't seeing it.
-Me neither.
She can really do
anything, can't she?
That's incredible.
She's not a normal human being.
[Jean] This reminds me
of the island that sank.
-[Nadia] They're the same thing.
-[Jean] They are?
[Nadia] They're the legacy of
the ancient people of Atlantis.
A dragon.
It looks like it's
already dead, though.
Some kind of ancient animal.
[Grandis] There
are so many of them.
[Hanson] How can creatures
like this be locked in cages?
What in the world is this place?
[Nadia] This is the ark
that the Old Testament spoke of.
The earth men referred
to it as Noah's Ark.
Huh? Earth men?
This is the ark?
How can this thing be the ark?
[Nadia] The earth men did
what was right in their own eyes
without regard
to what God wanted of them.
So he decided to destroy mankind
with water and start again
with the most
righteous among them.
Noah and his family
were faithful to God.
So they gathered
the animals on the ark
and were spared
the ravages of the great flood.
A long time ago,
the people of Atlantis fought
among themselves.
They hated each other
with such a passion.
They killed as
many as they could.
No conscience would stop them.
Humanity was in great danger.
One ark was burned
and it sank into the sea.
That was Atlantis.
And the other ark lost
its master
and disappeared
without a trace.
That was
Red Noah the sinking island.
The last ark lost power
and fell to earth here.
The only survivors
were those aboard this ark.
The Blue Noah.
It was here
they established a kingdom.
Then this is your homeland
after all, isn't it?
So that means...
You descended
from ancient Atlantis?
That's right.
I am the rightful heir
to the throne of the kingdom
of Tartessos.
You're a royal princess.
-You're a princess?
-Wow. That's great.
Every little girl in the world
wishes she could be a princess.
♪ The Secret Blue Water
[Grandis] Well, now, you really
are a princess after all.
A princess from
a magical kingdom.
-Nadia?
-Huh?
Look at this.
It's a lot like
your Blue Water, isn't it?
My mother left this to me.
It can't perform any miracles.
However, it does possess
a terrible
and very well kept secret.
What's that?
It's an imitation.
It's a worthless hunk of glass.
Oh.
She was cheated by a charlatan.
I was raised
in an upstanding family also,
so I understand
how you must feel.
I once visited the mansion
where I used to live.
Oh. Everything has
changed so much since then.
I was terribly disappointed.
But your homeland
looks worse than that.
It's miserable.
Oh, dear, I should
think before I speak, my dear.
Uh-uh.
Thank you, Grandis.
Thank you so much.
But that's not why I'm confused.
Something has happened to me
since we arrived here,
while nearing Tartessos
something that was
hidden from me
since Red Noah has suddenly
become clear.
See, the other
side is speaking to me,
begging me to help them,
to bring back the power
of the royal family.
Power?
[Nadia] Everything here in
Blue Noah obeys my command.
But even though
it looks like wasted ruins,
awesome powers
are awaiting my orders.
I'm afraid to go on
because I'm afraid to find out
who I really am.
And I'm afraid that what I've
been searching for all this time
is connected to
this terrifying power.
The one who holds Blue Water
can become either God or devil
and can destroy the world
with their fury.
[dramatic music playing]
Go on, Sanson,
keep going forward.
Go on.
[tires screeching]
[Sanson] It's a dead end.
So what now?
Tartessos is in
the process of surfacing.
That's the sound of water.
What?
What is this place?
-Jean?
-Yes, Nadia.
You're trembling.
See these ruins?
Look at them.
I feel them.
Thousands of ghosts wait for
the day
they can return to
their homeland.
Jean, don't let go of my hand.
If you do...
Oh!
No.
What's happening, Nadia?
Oh, no.
The grief of all the dead
souls here is entering my body.
Why me?
Why have you chosen me
when I don't want to have
anything to do with this, why?
I can't destroy the world!
You could destroy the world?
I could.
To possess the Blue Water
means to possess its power.
Look around you.
The rulers of
this place are death,
destruction, and me.
Nadia, you must try to
pull yourself together here.
You must believe in yourself, so
that you can escape this fate.
What is there inside me that I
can believe in myself, Grandis?
I'm selfish, and mean,
and always get the people
I love into trouble.
I've always been
a frightened little girl,
always running away.
When I finally had the chance,
I didn't say goodbye to the man
I knew was my father.
I hate myself,
truly hate myself.
There's nothing good in me.
I'm just a spoiled girl
who has inherited
the awful power of Atlantis.
Don't say that.
Don't worry.
The power of Atlantis
doesn't have to be used for evil
because it is in
your hands, Nadia.
You hold the key to it.
That's what scares me.
But there is no
reason to be scared.
You keep saying
you hate yourself,
but you know
I love you, don't you?
You're not a bad person.
You're just an ordinary girl
who makes mistakes
and acts selfishly
like we all do sometimes.
Please try to
listen to me, Nadia.
It's amazing that all of
this is still in working order
even though the kingdom
was destroyed so long ago.
[Nadia] I've realized
that the kingdom of Tartessos
was never destroyed.
It changed its form,
so that it could survive.
Really? What has
it become in its new form?
What is it called now?
It is Neo Atlantis.
I am the princess
of Neo Atlantis.
It's just as Gargoyle said,
it's terrible to admit,
but those are my people too.
[Jean] Where are we?
[Nadia] This is
the center of the palace.
The top of the Tower of Babel.
This, this is
Tartessos, my homeland.
It's an island.
[Jean] Electra once asked us,
what is the tower's
real function?
She seemed to mean to be
implying
that it wasn't simply
a weapon.
-It's not.
-Huh?
What is it then?
It communicates
with our real homeland.
It uses light.
[Jean] Your real homeland?
But Tartessos is your homeland.
Isn't that what you told us?
The place my people
first came from is not here.
It's 277.5 light
years from here.
[Jean] Light years?
[Nadia] Yes.
It's a unit of
measuring extensive length,
277 light years
is the distance you would go
if you were traveling
at the speed of light, Jean.
What is the speed of light?
300,000 kilometers a second.
What are you talking about?
If it's that far away,
then it's not even on Earth.
[dramatic music playing]
So Tartessos
that means that Atlanteans are--
That's right.
From another star.
My people are not human at all.
I'm not like any of you.
I'm an alien being.
-Jean.
-Ah!
You must take
a good look at me, Jean.
I'm not like you.
I'm not an ordinary girl.
I make everyone unhappy
and I will scatter unhappiness
throughout the world someday,
if not me, then
my father or Gargoyle
all by using the Blue Water.
[dramatic music playing]
Nadia?
Goodbye, Jean.
Ah!
[gasps]
[sighs]
Huh?
Nadia, it's Jean.
Can you hear me?
Jean, what happened to me?
[sighs]
Nadia! [sobbing]
I was so scared.
Marie.
Huh?
[dramatic music playing]
[Marie] Don't leave me, Nadia.
[sobbing]
It's okay.
Jean, please tell me.
How did this happen?
[Jean] The Blue Water
lit up again.
The closer
you got to the ground,
the slower
your rate of descent became.
You landed on the ground
as if someone was gently sitting
you down.
[Nadia] I knew it.
I can't escape my
fate or the Blue Water.
[Sanson] Stop your nonsense.
Quit playing this
tragic little game of yours.
You don't have any idea how much
we were worried about you.
You should've seen
how Jean took it. Well?
Stop it, Sanson!
Huh!
[Nadia] How do
you keep on living, Jean?
[Jean] What do you mean?
Because I'm alive now.
Because that's what life is
living for tomorrow.
It doesn't matter what's
the secret of the Blue Water is.
Huh?
[Jean] Or how
you're related to Atlantis
or even whether
you're earth man or not,
you're still Nadia.
I'm so sorry, Jean.
I'm sorry for what I've done.
-Huh?
I didn't notice
those words there before.
[bell ringing]
For the fire dragon
and 115th resurrection,
I hereby inscribe
this blessed life chord.
I bestow upon
my most beloved daughter, Nadia,
the wish
that she'll enjoy hundreds
and thousands of days
of happiness
in her most
cherished life.
Beloved daughter, Nadia?
-So this is--
-My father did this for me.
It was inscribed
on the day of my birth.
When?
What date does
it say it was, huh?
It says I was born
in 1875 on May 31st.
[gasps]
[Sanson] May 31st?
That's today, right?
Today is May 31st.
[Hanson] So today is--
[Grandis] Oh,
this is wonderful.
[Jean] Nadia,
it's your birthday!
It's your birthday!
What an amazing coincidence.
[Jean] Incredible.
What wonderful news, Nadia.
For the first time
in your whole life,
you know
when your birthday is.
I do.
-My birthday.
-Right.
Happy birthday, Nadia.
Oh, thank you, Jean.
Happy birthday.
Congratulations, Nadia.
♪ It's your birthday today
[chuckles]
[all] ♪ It's your birthday
today ♪
♪ May your all your wishes
come true ♪
Jean, everybody.
Thank you so much.
[all]
♪ It's your birthday today
♪ Today
[sobbing]
-Thank you.
-[cheers and applause]
Have a wonderful
birthday, Nadia!
[King purrs]
You were born in 1875,
so you're 15 years old today.
Grandis, I'm curious.
About what?
The ring you said
that your mother set aside for
you long ago.
Did she know
that it was really a fake?
Maybe not.
I'm sure
she knew exactly what it was
even so she put
a great deal of value on it,
didn't she? Don't you think?
It was the first ring
papa ever bought for her,
so I'm sure she did.
She loved it dearly.
It's true.
That's what I believe.
[banging]
[all] Huh?
What's that sound?
[banging]
[gasps]
[singing in Japanese]